Dr. Zhao, thank you
Thank you for saving Xiao Hui's life
You are the benefactor of our Su family
If you need anything in the future, just come to us.
Mrs. Su is too kind
Saving lives is our duty as doctors.
Can I ask who provided the kidney source?
I must thank him in person
Ah, the donor has accepted Mr. Su's 5 million
He doesn't want to divulge his personal information
As a hospital
We need to protect the privacy of our donors.
Is that so?
Husband invited you
It's all family
What are you talking about?
Xiaohui is our son
As long as you can save him
I would give anything
What about that one?
Is there any news?
Why are you still talking about that little calamity?
You didn't notice that his front foot was missing.
The aunt on the back foot has found a suitable one. It's a long way off
In my opinion.
The master is right
He disappeared. He disappeared.
Let's pretend we don't have this daughter
But Wenmei
I ask you, Xiao Hui and Yiyi can only choose one.
What do you choose?
What about parents and sisters?
one by one
Mrs. Su
There have been many human traffickers operating near the hospital recently.
There are many little girls missing like Miss Su
The police are investigating
Please come to the scene.
Thanks.
- He went out to play
Mom called him back
Ahhh
Ah!
Miss, don't blame me.
Blame it on your dad
ruthless
Must kill you
If there is an afterlife
Take good care of people
Live a safe life
Hey who are you
What are you doing there?
Oh, dear.
Girl wake up wake up
You can sign in.
Even a little baby was born
Poor girl!
He wants you. He wants you.
Whelan, you're over it
Yiyi, this child has been obedient since he was a child
Study well
I'm in college now.
You don't have to worry about making money in the city and even tuition fees
yiyi
You have suffered a lot with me over the years
I don't know how long I can last
If I die
Yiyi is left alone
What would he do?
You never thought to go to Yiyi's biological parents
Whelan Whelan
Don't be busy
Something happened one by one
What's the matter?
One by one students called the village committee just now
Said that one by one was bullied in the city
Go and have a look.
Hurry up